docs: provide information on local user locks from login attempts (#25022)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/authentication.mdx

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Local User Locks

Reviewer: Per the style guide, we are using sentence case for headings. This should be "Local user locks"

A lock is placed on a local user if, within a 30 minute window, a local user has:

- 5 failed login attempts or
- 3 failed password resets

> The lock lasts 20 minutes. After the lock has expired the user may attempt to login again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lock lasts 20 minutes. After the lock has expired the user may attempt to log in again.
```
"Login" is a noun.

Overriding a lock is available to users with rights to maintain `user` resources,

> available in the builtin `editor` role. To turn off a lock, update the user entry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available in the built-in `editor` role. To turn off a lock, update the user entry
```

> A lock on attempting logins is placed for 20 minutes if within a 30 minute window 
> a local user has:
> - 5 failed login attempts or
> - 3 failed password resets
> 
> After the lock has expired the user may attempt to login again.
> 
> Overriding the lock is available to users with rights to maintain `user` resources,
> available in the builtin `editor` role.  To turn off a lock update the user entry
> to disable the lock. Here are steps to complete that.

Reviewer 2: Suggested copy edits.

```suggestion
A lock is placed on a local user if, within a 30 minute window, a local user has:

- 5 failed login attempts or
- 3 failed password resets

The lock lasts 20 minutes. After the lock has expired the user may attempt to login again.

Overriding a lock is available to users with rights to maintain `user` resources,
available in the builtin `editor` role. To turn off a lock, update the user entry
to disable the lock, following these steps.
```

Retrieve the user entry so you can edit the status:

```code

> $ tctl get users/jeff > jeff.yaml`

Reviewer 2: Can/should we use `tctl edit` here?

Reviewer 3: For v13 and v12 we can.

Author: When I last tried it wasn't allowing it in v12. Is there an update coming?

Reviewer 3: No, `tctl edit` has just only been supported for v12+

Author: This issue #21598

Reviewer 3: Ah, right.

Author: Let's go ahead with this and can update if that changes

```

Example user file:
```yaml
kind: user
metadata:
  name: jeff
spec:
  roles:
  - access
  status:
    is_locked: true
    lock_expires: "2023-04-22T01:55:02.228158166Z"
    locked_message: user has exceeded maximum failed login attempts
version: v2
```

> Update the `is_locked` under `status` to `false` and save the file. Now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `is_locked` field under `status` to `false` and save the file. Now
```

> update the user entry with the below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
update the user entry with the command below:
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Local user locks

> A lock is placed on a local user if, within a 30 minute window, a local user has:

Reviewer 3: Should we call this something else? It sounds a lot like we're referring to Teleport's lock resource, but this is something else.

Author: Please see update

> - 5 failed login attempts or

Reviewer 3: It's really easy for this to become out of sync with the code. I wonder if we need to mention the specifics or if we can just say that teleport will lock accounts after too many failed logins or password resets.

Author: Please see update
